OSDOCS-4225: Added more references to IAM roles (#50982)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sts-about-ocm-role.adoc

If you just created a Red Hat account that is not part of an existing organization, this account is also the Red Hat Organization Administrator.
====
+

> * See "Understanding the {cluster-manager} role" in the Additional resources of this section for a list of the AWS permissions policy for the basic and admin `ocm-role` IAM resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* See "Understanding the {cluster-manager} role" in the Additional resources section for a list of the AWS permissions policies for the basic and admin `ocm-role` IAM resources.
```
